Add instructions for using QEMU (#58)
esp-rs/book: src/tooling/simulating/qemu.md

Espressif maintains a fork of QEMU in [espressif/QEMU] with the necessary patches to make it work on Espressif chips.
See the [QEMU wiki] for instructions on how to build QEMU and emulate projects with it.

Once you have built QEMU, you should have `qemu-system-xtensa`.

[espressif/QEMU]: https://github.com/espressif/qemu
[QEMU wiki]: https://github.com/espressif/qemu/wiki

## Running our project using QEMU

> > *NOTE*: Only ESP32 is supported at the moment, so make sure you are compiling for `xtensa-esp32-espidf` target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> *NOTE*: Only ESP32 is currently supported, so make sure you are compiling for `xtensa-esp32-espidf` target.
```

> For running our project in QEMU, we need a firmware/image which has bootloader and partition table merged in it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For running our project in QEMU, we need a firmware/image with bootloader and partition table merged. 
```

> We can use [cargo-espflash] to generate it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use [`cargo-espflash`] to generate it:
```

> [cargo-espflash]: https://github.com/esp-rs/espflash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`cargo-espflash`]: https://github.com/esp-rs/espflash/tree/main/cargo-espflash
```

```bash
cargo espflash save-image --merge ESP32 <OUTFILE> --release
```

> > If you prefer to use `espflash`, you can achieve same by building project first and then generating image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you prefer to use [`espflash`], you can achieve the same result by building the project first and then generating image:
```

> ```bash
> cargo build --release
> espflash save-image --merge ESP32 <OUTFILE> target/xtensa-esp32-espidf/release/<NAME>
> ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[`espflash`]: https://github.com/esp-rs/espflash/tree/main/espflash
```

> Now, run the image in QEMU :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, run the image in QEMU:
```
